well on Tuesday night Israeli forces
carried out strikes on the southern city
of Rafa where more than 1.5 million
displaced Palestinians have sought short
sought shelter the Army targeted a
residential building killing at least
eight people another 12 were
injured in central Gaza an air strike
air strike targeted the crowded Al narat
refugee camp killing at least 12
Palestinians children are amongst those
dead people were left to dig through the
rubble with their bare hands to try to
find
survivors and the wounded were taken to
nearby hospitals which are already
overwhelmed with patients and running
out of basic medical supplies only a
handful of health facilities are still
functioning in Gaza and only
barely let's bring in Hanny mwood he's
live for us now in Rafa in southern Gaza
so hany yet more deadly strikes on the
residents of Gaza tell us about what
happened overnight
that
yes almost a few hours after un Security
Council calling for a seized fire failed
to pass the Israeli military intensified
its aial attacks and ground Invasion
across the central area and the southern
part of the Gaza Strip in the Central
Area more residential homes being
targeted and more public facilities
completely destroyed or severely damaged
in the overcrowded n refugee camp in the
city of Dar that's very close to the
only remaining operational Hospital in
the central area but so far we're
looking at large number of people have
been killed and other numbers of
injuries who rushed to the hospital and
already overwhelmed exhausted Health
Facilities unable to treat this large
numbers of injuries in khun is
particularly the western part of the
city Al maasi evacuation Zone it's
important to point out our viewer that
this particular area was designated and
described larg by the Israeli milit for
people to evacuate to because it is safe
it came under heavy bombardment almost
30 tanks supported by bulldozer and
heavy aial coveraged by attack drones
and taken over the coastal Road ordering
people to evacuate it from it one more
time targeting an area that is used by
an international organization Doctors
Without Borders
causing further civilian casualties and
level of Destruction in ra a residential
home was targeted we're looking at five
members of One family were killed inside
the residential home in a massive air
strikes in overnight and hany the world
food program has paused deliveries of
food give us an idea of the impact that
that has is having on already desperate
people especially in the north of
Gaza gu will the suspension came right
after assessment made on the ground so
far the ongoing bombings and the
conditions created on the ground just
just happened very difficult or made it
very difficult for international
organization including the United
Nations different agencies to deliver
Aid uh to the northern part that there
is an actual famine going on people are
desperate for food for basic necessities
uh if we look at the numbers of of
trucks that been allowed to the northern
part just less than a trickle amount
have delivered just within the past two
days there was a video circulating on
the internet showing how people were
surrounding a truck filled with the
flowers bag of flowers and just thousand
of people literally thousand of people
reaching to get a bag of flowers so they
could sustain themselves the situations
in the northern part of very desperate
very dire condition we're talking about
600,000 people at the risk of losing
their life at the risk because of famine
and because of the ongoing starvation
that is used by the Israeli military as
a weapon to kill more people so people
are not only dying of the ongoing
unpredictable bombs and the ground
Vision but now there's a risk of dying
because of the ongoing famine that is
caused by this war yes and hone as
you're speaking there we're watching
pictures of people scooping flour out of
the mud from burst bags and putting it
in their pockets or anything they can
carry to take it home hany mmud brings
the latest there in Gaza thank you
well let's turn now to the occupied West
Bank where an Israeli raid on the Janine
refugee camp has killed at least one
Palestinian soldiers set fire to a car
as they withdrew in the early hours of
Wednesday Israeli forces also stormed
ascar refugee camp in the city of nablas
and raided towns near tubas and CIA
Israel has increased the frequency and
intensity of its raids since October the
7th Z mravi joins us now from nablas in
the occupied West Bank Z tell us about
these latest raids there
overnight well we've seen yet again
another night of raids across the
occupied West Bank but what we saw in
Janine specifically is different far
more intense than raids we've seen in
recent memory in these occupied
territories Israeli Special Forces
conducting an 8 to n-h hour operation
throughout the night to get to one man a
Palestinian a young Palestinian
resistance fighter named Arif kadum a
man in his 20s suspected to have been
behind the death of an Israeli soldier
near Nablus uh last year in September
now the Israeli forces used uh air
strikes they had dozens of men armored
vehicles on the ground to go after one
house to go after this one individual
unconfirmed reports of Israeli injuries
really the intensity of this night time
raid specifically the one last night in
Janine really does illustrate how much
of a threat Israel's government Israel's
military sees these young armed Fighters
people they consider terrorists but in
their communities these young men who
see picking up arms as the only solution
to the ongoing occupation resistance
armed resistance the only solution to
the Daily problems of Israeli oppression
that they face to the for for their
communities these men are considered not
terrorists as the Israeli government
would label them but as Leaders as
Community organizers as true Freedom
Fighters and simply seeing the int it
with which Israel carried out this
campaign we we we notice how much of a
threat they represent but when we go
into these camps and we've spoken to the
people there some of them who live in
some of the worst circumstances uh some
of the worst humanitarian conditions the
ongoing rhetoric of defiance that comes
from these people would suggest that it
will be far easier for the Israeli
government for the military to kill the
man than it will be to kill the idea of
resistance and zan with these raids
happening daily in different parts
across the occupied West Bank how are
people managing to cope with this
continual disruption to their
lives you're exactly right continued
disruption and it's not just in Janine
we've seen it all over the occupied West
Bank we were just in tarim just a few
days ago and there was another raid that
killed yet another armed fighter a man
in his 30s we spoke to people there and
in tarim so far this year refugee camps
in the city of tilam not far from us
here in nablas just about a 20-minute
Drive way the Israeli military in these
raids has destroyed more houses and
buildings so far this year in tulam than
anywhere else in the occupied West Bank
Palestinians living there describe the
government the military raids there
routinely turning their streets into
veritable War zones and they worry they
know that what's happening in Gaza is
far worse but they feel they're getting
a taste of it here in the occupied West
Bank and they worry that it could get
worse in the coming
future one of the patterns of Israel's
decades long occupation a core component
of psychological warfare being waged
against Palestinians